---
subcategory: "Fabric"
---

# equinix_fabric_metros (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "equinix_fabric_metros" "metros" {
  pagination = {}
}

output "id" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.id
}

output "type" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.type
}

output "metro_code" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.code
}

output "region" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.region
}

output "name" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.name
}

output "equinix_asn" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.equinix_asn
}

output "local_vc_bandwidth_max" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.local_vc_bandwidth_max
}

output "geo_coordinates" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.geo_coordinates
}

output "connected_metros" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.connected_metros
}

output "geo_scopes" {
  value = data.equinix_fabric_metros.metros.data.0.geo_scopes
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pagination` (Attributes) Pagination details for the returned metro list (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pagination))

### Optional

- `presence` (String) User On Boarded Metros based on Fabric resource availability

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) Returned list of metro objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--pagination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pagination`

Optional:

- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of search results returned per page.
- `offset` (Number) Index of the first item returned in the response.

Read-Only:

- `next` (String) URL relative to the next item in the response.
- `previous` (String) URL relative to the previous item in the response.
- `total` (Number) The total number of metro returned


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) Code assigned to an Equinix IBX data center in a specified metropolitan area
- `connected_metros` (List of Object) Arrays of objects containing latency data for the specified metro (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--connected_metros))
- `equinix_asn` (Number) Autonomous system number (ASN) for a specified Fabric metro. The ASN is a unique identifier that carries the network routing protocol and exchanges that data with other internal systems via border gateway protocol.
- `geo_coordinates` (Attributes) Geographic location data of Fabric Metro (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--geo_coordinates))
- `geo_scopes` (List of String) List of supported geographic boundaries of a Fabric Metro. Example values: CANADA, CONUS.
- `href` (String) The canonical URL at which the resource resides
- `local_vc_bandwidth_max` (Number) This field holds Max Connection speed within the metro.
- `name` (String) Name of the region in which the data center is located
- `region` (String) Board geographical area in which the data center is located
- `type` (String) Indicator of a fabric metro

<a id="nestedatt--data--connected_metros"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.connected_metros`

Read-Only:

- `avg_latency` (Number)
- `code` (String)
- `href` (String)
- `remote_vc_bandwidth_max` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--data--geo_coordinates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.geo_coordinates`

Read-Only:

- `latitude` (Number) Latitude of the Metro
- `longitude` (Number) Longitude of the Metro
