---
subcategory: "Metal"
---

# equinix_metal_connection (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a [connection resource](https://metal.equinix.com/developers/docs/networking/fabric/)

~> Equinix Metal connection with with Service Token A-side / Z-side (service_token_type) is not generally available and may not be enabled yet for your organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "equinix_metal_connection" "example" {
  connection_id = "4347e805-eb46-4699-9eb9-5c116e6a017d"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) ID of the connection to lookup

### Read-Only

- `authorization_code` (String) Fabric Authorization code to configure the NIMF connection with Cloud Service Provider through Equinix Fabric with the [equinix_fabric_connection](./fabric_connection.md) resource from the [Equinix Developer Portal](https://developer.equinix.com/dev-docs/fabric/getting-started/fabric-v4-apis/connect-metal-to-amazon-web-services).
- `contact_email` (String) The preferred email used for communication and notifications about the Equinix Fabric interconnection
- `description` (String) Description of the connection resource
- `facility` (String, Deprecated) Facility which the connection is scoped to
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `metro` (String) Metro which the connection is scoped to
- `mode` (String) Connection mode - standard or tunnel
- `name` (String) Name of the connection resource
- `organization_id` (String) ID of organization to which the connection is scoped to
- `ports` (List of Object) List of connection ports - primary (`ports[0]`) and secondary (`ports[1]`) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `project_id` (String) ID of project to which the connection belongs
- `redundancy` (String) Connection redundancy - redundant or primary
- `service_token_type` (String) Only used with shared connection. Type of service token to use for the connection, a_side or z_side
- `service_tokens` (List of Object) Only used with shared connection. List of service tokens required to continue the setup process with [equinix_fabric_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/equinix/equinix/latest/docs/resources/fabric_connection) or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://fabric.equinix.com/dashboard) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service_tokens))
- `speed` (String) Connection speed - Values will be in the format '<number>Mbps' or '<number>Gpbs', for example '100Mbps`, '50Gbps', etc.
- `status` (String) Status of the connection resource
- `tags` (List of String) Tags attached to the connection
- `token` (String, Deprecated) Only used with shared connection. Fabric Token required to continue the setup process with [equinix_fabric_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/equinix/equinix/latest/docs/resources/fabric_connection) or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://fabric.equinix.com/dashboard)
- `type` (String) Connection type - dedicated or shared
- `vlans` (List of Number) Attached vlans, only in shared connection
- `vrfs` (List of String) Attached vrfs, only in shared connection

<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `link_status` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `speed` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `virtual_circuit_ids` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--service_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service_tokens`

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `max_allowed_speed` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `state` (String)
- `type` (String)

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `name` - Name of the connection resource.
* `metro` - Slug of a metro to which the connection belongs.
* `facility` - (**Deprecated**) Slug of a facility to which the connection belongs. Use metro instead; read the [facility to metro migration guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/equinix/equinix/latest/docs/guides/migration_guide_facilities_to_metros_devices)
* `contact_email` - The preferred email used for communication and notifications about the Equinix Fabric interconnection.
* `redundancy` - Connection redundancy, reduntant or primary.
* `type` - Connection type, dedicated or shared.
* `project_id` - ID of project to which the connection belongs.
* `speed` - Connection speed - Values will be in the format '<number>Mbps' or '<number>Gpbs', for example '100Mbps`, '50Gbps', etc.
* `description` - Description of the connection resource.
* `mode` - Mode for connections in IBX facilities with the dedicated type - standard or tunnel.
* `tags` - String list of tags.
* `vlans` - Attached VLANs. Only available in shared connection. One vlan for Primary/Single connection and two vlans for Redundant connection.
* `service_token_type` - Type of service token, a_side or z_side. One available in shared connection.
* `organization_id` - ID of the organization where the connection is scoped to.
* `status` - Status of the connection resource.
* `service_tokens` - List of connection service tokens with attributes
  * `id` - UUID of the service token required to configure the connection in Equinix Fabric with the [equinix_fabric_connection](../resources/fabric_connection.md) resource or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://fabric.equinix.com/dashboard).
  * `expires_at` - Expiration date of the service token.
  * `max_allowed_speed` - Maximum allowed speed for the service token, string like in the `speed` attribute.
  * `type` - Token type, `a_side` or `z_side`.
  * `role` - Token role, `primary` or `secondary`.
* `ports` - List of connection ports - primary (`ports[0]`) and secondary (`ports[1]`)
  * `name` - Port name.
  * `id` - Port UUID.
  * `role` - Port role - primary or secondary.
  * `speed` - Port speed in bits per second.
  * `status` - Port status.
  * `link_status` - Port link status.
  * `virtual_circuit_ids` - List of IDs of virtual cicruits attached to this port.
* `token` - (Deprecated) Fabric Token required to configure the connection in Equinix Fabric with the [equinix_fabric_connection](../resources/fabric_connection.md) resource or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://fabric.equinix.com/dashboard). If your organization already has connection service tokens enabled, use `service_tokens` instead.
* `authorization_code` - Fabric Authorization Code to configure the NIMF connection in Equinix Fabric with the [equinix_fabric_connection](../resources/fabric_connection.md) resource or from the [Equinix Fabric Portal](https://fabric.equinix.com/dashboard).
