---
subcategory: "Metal"
---

# equinix_metal_virtual_circuit (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a virtual circuit resource from [Equinix Fabric - software-defined interconnections](https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/interconnections/introduction/)

See the [Virtual Routing and Forwarding documentation](https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/layer2-networking/vrf/) for product details and API reference material.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "equinix_metal_connection" "example_connection" {
  connection_id = "4347e805-eb46-4699-9eb9-5c116e6a017d"
}

data "equinix_metal_virtual_circuit" "example_vc" {
  virtual_circuit_id = data.equinix_metal_connection.example_connection.ports[1].virtual_circuit_ids[0]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `virtual_circuit_id` (String) ID of the virtual circuit to lookup

### Optional

- `customer_ipv6` (String) The Customer IPv6 address which the CSR switch will peer with. Will default to the other usable IP in the IPv6 subnet.
- `metal_ipv6` (String) The Metal IPv6 address for the SVI (Switch Virtual Interface) of the VirtualCircuit. Will default to the first usable IP in the IPv6 subnet.
- `subnet_ipv6` (String) A subnet from one of the IPv6 blocks associated with the VRF that we will help create an IP reservation for. Can only be either a /126 or /127.
				 * For a /127 block, it will only have two IP addresses, which will be used for the metal_ip and customer_ip.
				 * For a /126 block, it will have four IP addresses, but the first and last IP addresses are not usable. We will default to the first usable IP address for the metal_ip.

### Read-Only

- `connection_id` (String) UUID of Connection where the VC is scoped to
- `customer_ip` (String) The Customer IP address which the CSR switch will peer with. Will default to the other usable IP in the subnet.
- `description` (String) Description of the virtual circuit
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `md5` (String, Sensitive) The password that can be set for the VRF BGP peer
- `metal_ip` (String) The Metal IP address for the SVI (Switch Virtual Interface) of the VirtualCircuit. Will default to the first usable IP in the subnet.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual circuit
- `nni_vlan` (Number) Nni VLAN parameter, see https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/interconnections/introduction/
- `nni_vnid` (Number) Nni VLAN ID parameter, see https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/interconnections/introduction/
- `peer_asn` (Number) The BGP ASN of the peer. The same ASN may be the used across several VCs, but it cannot be the same as the local_asn of the VRF.
- `port_id` (String) UUID of the Connection Port where the VC is scoped to
- `project_id` (String) ID of the projct to which the virtual circuit belongs
- `speed` (String) Description of the Virtual Circuit speed. This is for information purposes and is computed when the connection type is shared.
- `status` (String) Status of the virtual circuit
- `subnet` (String) A subnet from one of the IP blocks associated with the VRF that we will help create an IP reservation for. Can only be either a /30 or /31.
				 * For a /31 block, it will only have two IP addresses, which will be used for the metal_ip and customer_ip.
				 * For a /30 block, it will have four IP addresses, but the first and last IP addresses are not usable. We will default to the first usable IP address for the metal_ip.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags attached to the virtual circuit
- `vlan_id` (String) UUID of the associated VLAN
- `vnid` (Number) VNID VLAN parameter, see https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/interconnections/introduction/
- `vrf_id` (String) UUID of the associated VRF
