---
subcategory: "Fabric"
---

# equinix_fabric_stream_attachment (Resource)

Fabric V4 API compatible resource allows creation and management of Equinix Fabric Stream Attachments

Additional Documentation:
* Getting Started: https://docs.equinix.com/en-us/Content/KnowledgeCenter/Fabric/GettingStarted/Integrating-with-Fabric-V4-APIs/IntegrateWithSink.htm
* API: https://developer.equinix.com/catalog/fabricv4#tag/Streams

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_stream_attachment" "asset" {
  asset_id  = "<id_of_the_asset_being_attached>"
  asset     = "<asset_group>"
  stream_id = "<id_of_the_stream_asset_is_being_attached_to>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asset` (String) Equinix defined asset category. Matches the product name the asset is a part of
- `asset_id` (String) Equinix defined UUID of the asset being attached to the stream
- `stream_id` (String) UUID of the stream that is the target of this asset attachment

### Optional

- `metrics_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value indicating enablement of metrics for this asset stream attachment
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `attachment_status` (String) Value representing status for the stream attachment
- `href` (String) Equinix auto generated URI to the stream attachment in Equinix Portal
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `type` (String) Equinix defined type for the asset stream attachment
- `uuid` (String) Equinix-assigned unique id for the stream attachment

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
