---
subcategory: "Fabric"
---

# equinix_fabric_precision_time_service (Resource)

Fabric V4 API compatible resource allows creation and management of Equinix Fabric Precision Time Service

Additional Documentation:
* API: https://docs.equinix.com/en-us/Content/KnowledgeCenter/Fabric/API-Reference/API-Precision-Time.htm

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_precision_time_service" "ptp" {
  type = "PTP"
  name = "tf_acc_eptptp_PFCR"
  package = {
    code = "PTP_STANDARD"
  }
  connections = [
    {
      uuid = "<connection_id>"
    }
  ]
  ipv4 = {
    primary = "191.168.254.241"
    secondary = "191.168.254.242"
    network_mask = "255.255.255.240"
    default_gateway = "191.168.254.254"
  }
}

output "ept_service_id" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.id
}

output "ept_service_name" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.name
}

output "ept_service_state" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.state
}

output "ept_service_type" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.type
}

output "ept_service_connection" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.connections
}

output "ept_service_ipv4" {
  value = equinix_fabric_precision_time_service.ptp.ipv4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connections` (Attributes List) An array of objects with unique identifiers of connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connections))
- `ipv4` (Attributes) An object that has Network IP Configurations for Timing Master Servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv4))
- `name` (String) Name of Precision Time Service. Applicable values: Maximum: 24 characters; Allowed characters: alpha-numeric, hyphens ('-') and underscores ('_')
- `package` (Attributes) Precision Time Service Package Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--package))
- `type` (String) Choose type of Precision Time Service

### Optional

- `ntp_advanced_configuration` (Attributes List) NTP Advanced configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ntp_advanced_configuration))
- `ptp_advanced_configuration` (Attributes) PTP Advanced Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ptp_advanced_configuration))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `account` (Attributes) Equinix User Account associated with Precision Time Service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--account))
- `change_log` (Attributes) Details of the last change on the route aggregation resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--change_log))
- `href` (String) Equinix generated Portal link for the created Precision Time Service
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `operation` (Attributes) Precision Time Service Operation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation))
- `order` (Attributes) Precision Time Order (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--order))
- `precision_time_price` (Attributes) Precision Time Service Price (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--precision_time_price))
- `project` (Attributes) Equinix Project attribute object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project))
- `state` (String) Indicator of the state of this Precision Time Service
- `uuid` (String) Equinix generated id for the Precision Time Service

<a id="nestedatt--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connections`

Required:

- `uuid` (String) Equinix Fabric Connection UUID; Precision Time Service will be connected with it

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Link to the Equinix Fabric Connection associated with the Precision Time Service
- `type` (String) Type of the Equinix Fabric Connection associated with the Precision Time Service


<a id="nestedatt--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4`

Required:

- `default_gateway` (String) IPv4 address that establishes the Routing Interface where traffic is directed. It serves as the next hop in the Network.
- `network_mask` (String) IPv4 address that defines the range of consecutive subnets in the network.
- `primary` (String) IPv4 address for the Primary Timing Master Server.
- `secondary` (String) IPv4 address for the Secondary Timing Master Server.


<a id="nestedatt--package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package`

Required:

- `code` (String) Time Precision Package Code for the desired billing package

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Time Precision Package HREF link to corresponding resource in Equinix Portal


<a id="nestedatt--ntp_advanced_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ntp_advanced_configuration`

Optional:

- `key` (String) The plaintext authentication key. For ASCII type, the key\
\ must contain printable ASCII characters, range 10-20 characters. For\
\ HEX type, range should be 10-40 characters
- `key_number` (Number) The authentication Key ID
- `type` (String) md5 Authentication type


<a id="nestedatt--ptp_advanced_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ptp_advanced_configuration`

Optional:

- `domain` (Number) The PTP domain value
- `grant_time` (Number) Unicast Grant Time in seconds. For Multicast and Hybrid transport modes, grant time defaults to 300 seconds. For Unicast mode, grant time can be between 30 to 7200
- `log_announce_interval` (Number) Logarithmic value that controls the rate of PTP Announce packets from the PTP time server. Default is 1 (1 packet every 2 seconds), Unit packets/second
- `log_delay_req_interval` (Number) Logarithmic value that controls the rate of PTP DelayReq packets. Default is -4 (16 packets per second), Unit packets/second..
- `log_sync_interval` (Number) Logarithmic value that controls the rate of PTP Sync packets. Default is -4 (16 packets per second), Unit packets/second..
- `priority1` (Number) The priority1 value determines the best primary clock, Lower value indicates higher priority
- `priority2` (Number) The priority2 value differentiates and prioritizes the primary clock to avoid confusion when priority1-value is the same for different primary clocks in a network
- `time_scale` (String) Time Scale value, ARB denotes Arbitrary and PTP denotes Precision Time Protocol
- `transport_mode` (String) ptp transport mode


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account`

Read-Only:

- `account_name` (String) Account Name
- `account_number` (Number) Equinix Account Number
- `global_cust_id` (String) Global Customer Id
- `global_org_id` (String) Customer organization naidentifierme
- `global_organization_name` (String) Global organization name
- `org_id` (Number) Customer organization identifier
- `organization_name` (String) Customer organization name
- `reseller_account_name` (String) Reseller account name
- `reseller_account_number` (Number) Reseller account number
- `reseller_org_id` (Number) Reseller customer organization identifier
- `reseller_ucm_id` (String) Reseller account ucmId
- `ucm_id` (String) Global organization name


<a id="nestedatt--change_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `change_log`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) User name of creator of the route aggregation resource
- `created_by_email` (String) Email of creator of the route aggregation resource
- `created_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of creator of the route aggregation resource
- `created_date_time` (String) Creation time of the route aggregation resource
- `deleted_by` (String) User name of deleter of the route aggregation resource
- `deleted_by_email` (String) Email of deleter of the route aggregation resource
- `deleted_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of deleter of the route aggregation resource
- `deleted_date_time` (String) Deletion time of the route aggregation resource
- `updated_by` (String) User name of last updater of the route aggregation resource
- `updated_by_email` (String) Email of last updater of the route aggregation resource
- `updated_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of last updater of the route aggregation resource
- `updated_date_time` (String) Last update time of the route aggregation resource


<a id="nestedatt--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation`

Read-Only:

- `operational_status` (String) Current operational status of the Precision Time Service


<a id="nestedatt--order"></a>
### Nested Schema for `order`

Read-Only:

- `customer_reference_number` (String) Customer reference number
- `order_number` (String) Order reference number
- `purchase_order_number` (String) Purchase order number


<a id="nestedatt--precision_time_price"></a>
### Nested Schema for `precision_time_price`

Read-Only:

- `charges` (Attributes List) offering price charge (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--precision_time_price--charges))
- `currency` (String) Offering price currency

<a id="nestedatt--precision_time_price--charges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `precision_time_price.charges`

Read-Only:

- `price` (Number) Offering price
- `type` (String) Price charge type; MONTHLY_RECURRING, NON_RECURRING



<a id="nestedatt--project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project`

Read-Only:

- `project_id` (String) Equinix Subscriber-assigned project ID
