---
subcategory: "Fabric"
---

# equinix_fabric_stream (Resource)

Fabric V4 API compatible resource allows creation and management of Equinix Fabric Stream

Additional Documentation:
* Getting Started: https://docs.equinix.com/en-us/Content/KnowledgeCenter/Fabric/GettingStarted/Integrating-with-Fabric-V4-APIs/IntegrateWithSink.htm
* API: https://developer.equinix.com/catalog/fabricv4#tag/Streams

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_stream" "new_stream" {
  type = "TELEMETRY_STREAM"
  name = "<name_of_stream_resource>"
  description = "<description_of_stream_resource>"
  project = {
    project_id = "<destination_project_id_for_stream"
  }
}

output "stream_state" {
  value = equinix_fabric_stream.new_stream.state
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Customer-provided description of the stream resource
- `name` (String) Customer-provided name of the stream resource
- `type` (String) Equinix defined Streaming Type

### Optional

- `project` (Attributes) Equinix Project attribute object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `assets_count` (Number) Count of the streaming assets attached to the stream resource
- `change_log` (Attributes) Details of the last change on the stream resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--change_log))
- `href` (String) Equinix auto generated URI to the stream resource in Equinix Portal
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `state` (String) Value representing provisioning status for the stream resource
- `stream_subscriptions_count` (Number) Count of the client subscriptions on the stream resource
- `uuid` (String) Equinix-assigned unique id for the stream resource

<a id="nestedatt--project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project`

Required:

- `project_id` (String) Equinix Subscriber-assigned project ID


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--change_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `change_log`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) User name of creator of the stream resource
- `created_by_email` (String) Email of creator of the stream resource
- `created_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of creator of the stream resource
- `created_date_time` (String) Creation time of the stream resource
- `deleted_by` (String) User name of deleter of the stream resource
- `deleted_by_email` (String) Email of deleter of the stream resource
- `deleted_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of deleter of the stream resource
- `deleted_date_time` (String) Deletion time of the stream resource
- `updated_by` (String) User name of last updater of the stream resource
- `updated_by_email` (String) Email of last updater of the stream resource
- `updated_by_full_name` (String) Legal name of last updater of the stream resource
- `updated_date_time` (String) Last update time of the stream resource
