---
subcategory: "Fabric"
---

# equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation" "policy_attachment" {
  route_aggregation_id = "<route_aggregation_id>"
  connection_id = "<connection_id>"
}

output "connection_route_Aggregation_id" {
  value = equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation.policy_attachment.id
}

output "connection_route_aggregation_connection_id" {
  value = equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation.policy_attachment.connection_id
}

output "connection_route_aggregation_type" {
  value = equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation.policy_attachment.type
}

output "connection_route_aggregation_attachment_status" {
  value = equinix_fabric_connection_route_aggregation.policy_attachment.attachment_status
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) Equinix Assigned UUID of the Equinix Connection to attach the Route Aggregation Policy to
- `route_aggregation_id` (String) UUID of the Route Aggregation to apply this Rule to

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `attachment_status` (String) Status of the Route Aggregation Policy attachment lifecycle
- `href` (String) URI to the attached Route Aggregation Policy on the Connection
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `type` (String) Route Aggregation Type. One of ["BGP_IPv4_PREFIX_AGGREGATION"]
- `uuid` (String) Equinix Assigned ID for Route Aggregation Policy

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
