---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "equinix_fabric_precision_time Resource - terraform-provider-equinix"
subcategory: "Fabric"
description: |-
  Fabric V4 API compatible resource allows creation and management of Equinix Fabric Precision Time
---

# equinix_fabric_precision_time (Resource)

Fabric V4 API compatible resource allows creation and management of Equinix Fabric Precision Time Services

Additional documentation:
* Getting Started: https://docs.equinix.com/en-us/Content/Edge-Services/EPT/EPT.htm
* API: https://developer.equinix.com/dev-docs/fabric/api-reference/fabric-v4-apis#precision-time

## Example Usage

PTP Configuration:
```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_precision_time" "ptp" {
  type = "PTP"
  name = "tf_ept_PFCR"
  description = "Equinix Precision Time with PTP Configuration"
  package {
    code = "PTP_STANDARD"
  }
  connections {
    uuid = "30b82c65-ffb4-47d3-ab2b-3cacf46d5b8b"
  }
  ipv4 {
    primary = "192.168.0.2"
    secondary = "192.168.0.3"
    network_mask = "255.255.255.224"
    default_gateway = "192.168.0.1"
  }
}
```

NTP Configuration:
```terraform
resource "equinix_fabric_precision_time" "ntp" {
  type = "NTP"
  name = "tf_ntp_PFCR"
  description = "Equinix Precision Time with NTP Configuration"
  package {
    code = "NTP_STANDARD"
  }
  connections {
    uuid = "30b82c65-ffb4-47d3-ab2b-3cacf46d5b8b"
  }
  ipv4 {
    primary = "192.168.0.2"
    secondary = "192.168.0.3"
    network_mask = "255.255.255.224"
    default_gateway = "192.168.0.1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of Precision Time Service. Applicable values: Maximum: 24 characters; Allowed characters: alpha-numeric, hyphens ('-') and underscores ('_')
- `type` (String) Choose type of Precision Time Service

### Optional

- `advance_configuration` (Block, Optional) An object that has advanced configuration options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--advance_configuration))
- `connections` (Block List) An array of objects with unique identifiers of connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connections))
- `description` (String) Optional description of time service
- `ipv4` (Block Set) An object that has Network IP Configurations for Timing Master Servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ipv4))
- `package` (Block Set) Precision Time Service Package Details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--package))
- `project` (Block Set) An object that contains the Equinix Fabric project_id used for linking the Time Precision Service to a specific Equinix Fabric Project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--project))

### Read-Only

- `account` (Block, Read-only) Equinix User Account associated with Precision Time Service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--account))
- `href` (String) Equinix generated Portal link for the created Precision Time Service
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `state` (String) Indicator of the state of this Precision Time Service. One of: [[PROVISIONED PROVISIONING PROVISIONING_FAILED CONFIGURING CANCELLED DEPROVISIONING_FAILED PENDING_CONFIGURATION DEPROVISIONED CONFIGURING_FAILED DEPROVISIONING]]
- `uuid` (String) Equinix generated id for the Precision Time Service

<a id="nestedblock--advance_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advance_configuration`

Optional:

- `ntp` (List of Object) Advance Configuration for NTP; a list of MD5 objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--advance_configuration--ntp))
- `ptp` (Block, Optional) An object that has advanced PTP configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--advance_configuration--ptp))

<a id="nestedatt--advance_configuration--ntp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advance_configuration.ntp`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--advance_configuration--ptp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `advance_configuration.ptp`

Optional:

- `domain` (Number) Represents the domain number associated with the PTP profile. This is used to differentiate multiple PTP networks within a single physical network.
- `grant_time` (Number) Unicast Grant Time in seconds. For Multicast and Hybrid transport modes, grant time defaults to 300 seconds. For Unicast mode, grant time can be between 30 to 7200.
- `log_announce_interval` (Number) Represents the log2 interval between consecutive PTP announce messages. For example, a value of 0 implies an interval of 2^0 = 1 second.
- `log_delay_req_interval` (Number) Represents the log2 interval between consecutive PTP delay request messages. A value of 0 implies an interval of 2^0 = 1 second.
- `log_sync_interval` (Number) Represents the log2 interval between consecutive PTP synchronization messages. A value of 0 implies an interval of 2^0 = 1 second.
- `priority_1` (Number) Specifies the priority level 1 for the clock. The value helps in determining the best clock in the PTP network. Lower values are considered higher priority.
- `priority_2` (Number) Specifies the priority level 2 for the clock. It acts as a tie-breaker if multiple clocks have the same priority 1 value. Lower values are considered higher priority.
- `time_scale` (String) Time scale value. ARB denotes Arbitrary, and PTP denotes Precision Time Protocol.
- `transport_mode` (String) Mode of transport for the Time Precision Service.



<a id="nestedblock--connections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connections`

Required:

- `uuid` (String) Equinix Fabric Connection UUID; Precision Time Service will be connected with it

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) Link to the Equinix Fabric Connection associated with the Precision Time Service
- `type` (String) Type of the Equinix Fabric Connection associated with the Precision Time Service


<a id="nestedblock--ipv4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv4`

Required:

- `default_gateway` (String) IPv4 address that establishes the Routing Interface where traffic is directed. It serves as the next hop in the Network.
- `network_mask` (String) IPv4 address that defines the range of consecutive subnets in the network.
- `primary` (String) IPv4 address for the Primary Timing Master Server.
- `secondary` (String) IPv4 address for the Secondary Timing Master Server.


<a id="nestedblock--package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `package`

Required:

- `code` (String) Time Precision Package Code for the desired billing package

Optional:

- `href` (String) Time Precision Package HREF link to corresponding resource in Equinix Portal

Read-Only:

- `accuracy_avg_max` (Number) Average maximum accuracy provided by the Precision Time Service
- `accuracy_avg_min` (Number) Average minimum accuracy provided by the Precision Time Service
- `accuracy_sla` (Number) SLA for the accuracy provided by the Precision Time Service
- `accuracy_unit` (String) Time unit of accuracy for the Precision Time Service; e.g. microseconds
- `bandwidth` (Number) Bandwidth of the Precision Time Service
- `clients_per_second_max` (Number) Maximum clients available per second for the Precision Time Service
- `multi_subnet_supported` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating if this Precision Time Service supports multi subnetting
- `redundancy_supported` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating if this Precision Time Service supports redundancy
- `type` (String) Type of the Precision Time Service Package


<a id="nestedblock--project"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project`

Required:

- `project_id` (String) Equinix Fabric Project ID


<a id="nestedblock--account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account`

Read-Only:

- `account_number` (Number) Equinix User account number
- `global_org_id` (String) Equinix User global organization id
- `is_reseller_account` (Boolean) Equinix User Boolean flag indicating if it is a reseller account
- `org_id` (String) Equinix User organization id



